Train these abilities and you'll feel
young. One, back bend. This is one of
those things that kids tend to do pretty
easily. You'll notice a lot of these
skills happen while you play. For
instance, number two, the deep squat,
but with your heels on the ground. And
no, this is not up to genetics. Just
because certain races have better bone
structure that make it easier doesn't
excuse you from training the ankle
mobility or in fact the hip mobility to
overcome both of those things if you
wanted to. And number three, the ability
to hold your body weight in your hands.
I know it might not look like I'm strong
enough to do that, but hey, I am. The
reason I prioritize strength is because
one day I'm going to climb my last tree
in my life, and I actually don't want
that to be soon. Stay flexy.